"And again, of course, Dzogchen teaching and Vajrayana teaching, the relationship of these two,
two, is again, in what's called, inseparable. You cannot really divide it. Divide it because
Dzogchen teaching is Vajrayana teaching and Dzogchen teaching is the ultimate Vajrayana teaching,
so
they're really, like, without Vajrayana teaching, there is no Dzogchen teaching. For example,
Great Massen teaching, Padma Samye Ling, many times used examples of that. Dzogchen is full
teaching,
full teaching, full. And in this case, for example, he used examples many times, used as dollar
bells,
one dollar bells, it is one dollar. But if we divide it, there are a dollar, 100 pennies,
100 pennies. And without the 100 pennies, dollar won't become the dollar, dollars. So if you take,
if you are out of the quarter, nobody will say it's a dollar, dollar. Even 99 cents,
people say, oh, it's less than dollar. So even 99 cents is not dollar. And therefore,
all these teachings are made, Dzogchen teaching as Dzogchen. Dzogchen is attributable, what means?
Great completion teachings, completed. What is completed? All the teachings are completed,
all teachings, samsara and nirvana are completed. All part and bhoomis are completed.
Everything is completed within these teachings, teachings, teachings, and which is our own
Without this, the regular teaching...